
For the iris dataset from sklearn.dataset, write python code for creating interactive web page. Implement with dash, streamlit, and panel separately, one in each file.

The created web page will display the following:

Title: Iris Dataset Explorer

A two-column split:
 first column: displaying text 'X-axis' and a dropdown box that allows users to select one independent variable to use in X-axis for scatter plot.
               Hint: Use dcc.Dropdown for dash; st.selectbox for streamlit; and pn.widgets.Select for panel. 

 second column: displaying text 'Y-axis' and let user select another independent variable to use in Y-axis for scatter plot
               Same hint as above. 

 first column: displaying 'Color by Species' and a checkbook to allow users to choose coloring by species or not. Default: no coloring difference.
               Hint: Use Checklist or Checkbox for dash; Use button for streamlit; and Checkbox for panel.

 second column: displaying 'Marker Size' and a slider to allow users to choose marker size. The slider has values between 5 and 20 in step of 1,
                and are marked at 5, 10, 15, and 20 at the bottom of the slider.
                Hint: Use dcc.Slider for dash; slider for streamlit; IntSlider for panel.  


Using full width, give the scatter plot of the user selected X-axis and Y-axis, with the user's choice of 
   marker size and coloring. The title of the plot is f'Iris Dataset: {x_axis} vs {y_axis}'  where x_axis and y_axis refer to the user selected variables. 
   Hint: Use plotly.express.scatter to create the scatter plot

Using full width, give the histogram of Y-axis but with X-axis as the horizontal axis, with the user's choice of coloring, and grouped by the target variable. 
   Hint: Use plotly.express.histogram to create the hisogram. 


Write your code for implementation using these three methods in files dash_hw4_iris.py,
streamlit_hw4_iris.py, and panel_hw4_iris.py. Then compress these three files as a .zip file. Submit the .zip file to gradescope under Homework 4: Model deployment with streamlit, dash, and panel.

  


